{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Segoe UI;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Segoe UI Semibold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red80\green80\blue80;\red0\green120\blue215;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\keepn\sb200\sa100\f1\fs36\b Kuma Anime Privacy Policy & Terms of Use\b0\f0\fs20\par
\pard\sa60\f1\fs22 Developer:\f0  Raihan Nugroho\fs20\par
\par
Thank you for choosing \b Kuma Anime\b0 .\par
\par
By installing, accessing, or using this software, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to the following Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.\par
\par
\pard\keepn\sb200\sa100\f1\fs28\b 1. Data Collection\b0\f0\fs20\par
\pard\fi-280\li560\sa60\bullet\tab Kuma Anime does \b not\b0  collect, store, or transmit personally identifiable information unless explicitly stated within a specific feature of the application.\par
\bullet\tab Some features may communicate with third-party services to retrieve publicly available content or provide functionality. Any information processed by those services is governed by their respective privacy policies.\par
\bullet\tab The developer does not sell, rent, or share personal information with third parties for advertising or marketing purposes.\par
\pard\par
\pard\keepn\sb200\sa100\f1\fs28\b 2. Application Usage\b0\f0\fs20\par
\pard\fi-280\li560\sa60\bullet\tab This software is provided \b "AS IS"\b0 , without warranties of any kind, either express or implied.\par
\bullet\tab While reasonable efforts are made to ensure stability and reliability, the developer does not guarantee that the application will operate without interruption or be free of errors.\par
\bullet\tab The developer shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, or special damages, including but not limited to data loss, device malfunction, software incompatibility, or any other damages resulting from the installation or use of this application.\par
\pard\par
\pard\keepn\sb200\sa100\f1\fs28\b 3. Software Updates\b0\f0\fs20\par
\pard\fi-280\li560\sa60\bullet\tab Kuma Anime may receive updates, bug fixes, security improvements, performance enhancements, and new features.\par
\bullet\tab Official updates are distributed only through the project\rquote s official repository or authorized release channels.\par
\bullet\tab Users are encouraged to keep the application updated to benefit from the latest improvements and security fixes.\par
\pard\par
\pard\keepn\sb200\sa100\f1\fs28\b 4. Open-Source Software\b0\f0\fs20\par
\pard\fi-280\li560\sa60\bullet\tab Kuma Anime includes or depends on various open-source libraries and components.\par
\bullet\tab Each open-source component remains subject to its own license terms and copyright notices.\par
\bullet\tab Full license information is available within the application or accompanying documentation where applicable.\par
\pard\par
\pard\keepn\sb200\sa100\f1\fs28\b 5. Third-Party Content\b0\f0\fs20\par
\pard\fi-280\li560\sa60\bullet\tab Kuma Anime may display or access content provided by third-party sources.\par
\bullet\tab The developer does not claim ownership of third-party content and is not responsible for its accuracy, availability, legality, or continued accessibility.\par
\bullet\tab All trademarks, logos, and copyrights belong to their respective owners.\par
\pard\par
\pard\keepn\sb200\sa100\f1\fs28\b 6. Acceptance\b0\f0\fs20\par
\pard\sa60 By clicking \b "I Agree"\b0 , installing, or using Kuma Anime, you confirm that you accept this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.\par
\par
If you do not agree with these terms, please cancel the installation and remove the software from your device.\par
}
